Project Gutenberg's Harper's Young People, August 8, 1882, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Harper's Young People, August 8, 1882
       An Illustrated Weekly

Author: Various

Release Date: March 20, 2019 [EBook #59103]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, AUG 8, 1882 ***




Produced by Annie R. McGuire








[Illustration: HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE]

       *       *       *       *       *

VOL. III.--NO. 145. PUBLISHED BY HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK. PRICE FOUR
CENTS.

Tuesday, August 8, 1882. Copyright, 1882, by HARPER & BROTHERS. $1.50
per Year, in Advance.

       *       *       *       *       *




[Illustration: TOBY RESCUES THE CROWING HEN FROM MR. STUBBS'S BROTHER.]

MR. STUBBS'S BROTHER.[1]

[1] Begun in No. 127, HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE.

BY JAMES OTIS,

AUTHOR OF "TOBY TYLER," "TIM AND TIP," ETC.

CHAPTER XIX.

THE BREAKING UP OF THE SHOW.


Now that the boys had found cages ready-made, and needing only some bars
or slats across the front, they did not think it necessary to hurry.
They staid for some time to talk of Abner, and to test some doughnuts
Aunt Olive was frying. It is very likely that they would have remained
even longer if the doughnut-frying had not been completed, and the
tempting dainties placed upon a high shelf beyond their reach, as a
gentle intimation that they had had about as many as they would get that
afternoon.

After leaving the house they walked leisurely toward the barn, little
dreaming what a state of confusion their property was in, until Reddy
rushed out of the tent, his jacket torn, his face bleeding, and his
general appearance that of a boy who had been having rather a hard time
of it.

"Why, what's the matter? Why don't you stay an' watch the animals?"
asked Bob, in a tone intended to convey reproach and surprise that one
of the projectors of the enterprise should desert his post.

"Watch the animals?" screamed Reddy, in a rage. "You go an' watch 'em
awhile instead of eatin' doughnuts, an' see how you like it. Mr.
Stubbs's brother picked a hole in the bag so my cat got out, an' she
jumped on the calf, an' he tore 'round awful till he let the hen an'
Mrs. Simpson's cat loose, an' I got knocked down an' scratched, an' the
whole show's broke up."

Reddy sat down on the ground, and wiped the blood from his face after he
had imparted the painful news; and all the party started for the tent as
rapidly as possible.

It was a scene of utter ruin which they looked in upon after they had
pulled aside Mr. Mansfield's flag, and one which was well calculated to
discourage amateur circus proprietors.

Mr. Stubbs's brother was seated amid Reddy's paper and paint, holding
the crowing hen by the head while he picked her wing feathers out one by
one. Mrs. Simpson's cat and kittens each had one of Bob's mice in its
mouth, while Reddy's cat was chasing one of the squirrels with a
murderous purpose. The calf was no longer an inmate of the tent; but a
large rent in the canvas showed that he had opened a door for himself
when the cat scratched him; and afar in the distance he could be seen,
head down and tail up, as if fleeing from everything that looked like a
circus.

The destruction was as complete as it could well have been made in so
short a time, and the partners were, quite naturally, discouraged. Toby
retained sufficient presence of mind, amid the trouble, to rescue the
crowing hen from the murderous clutches of Mr. Stubbs's brother, and the
monkey scampered up the tent-pole, brandishing two or three of the poor
creature's best and longest wing feathers, while he screamed with
satisfaction that he had accomplished at least a portion of the work of
stripping the fowl.

"The show's broke up, an' that's all there's to it," said Bob,
sorrowfully, as he gazed alternately at the hole in the canvas and his
rapidly vanishing calf.

"Are the squirrels all gone?" asked Joe, driving the cat from her
intended prey long enough to allow Master Bushy-tail to gain a refuge
under the barn.

"Every one," replied Reddy. "The calf kicked the box over when he come
toward me, an' it looked as if there was as many as a hundred come out
jest as soon as the cover was off. I could have caught one or two; but
somehow Mrs. Simpson's cat got out of the basket jest then,' an' she
flew right into my face."

The marks on Reddy's cheeks and nose told most eloquently with what
force the cat "flew," and search was at once made for that pet of the
Simpson family. She, with her kittens, had taken refuge under the barn
as soon as the boys entered, and thus another trouble was added to the
load the circus managers had to bear, for that cat must be returned to
her mistress by night, or trouble might come of it.

The mice were entirely consumed, two tails alone remaining of what would
have been shown to the good people of Guilford as strange animals from
some far-off country.

The squirrels were gone, the calf had fled, the hen was in a thoroughly
battered condition, and nothing remained of all that vast and wonderful
collection of animals except Mr. Stubbs's brother, and the rabbits,
protected by the cage which their master's thoughtfulness had provided.

"I guess I'll take the rabbits home," said Leander, as he lifted the box
to his shoulder. "It wouldn't do to have only them for animals, an' it
ain't very certain how long they'll stay alive while that monkey's
'round."

"He's broke up the whole show, that's what he's done," and Ben shook his
fist at Mr. Stubbs's brother, while he tried to soothe his half-plucked
hen.

"What _are_ we goin' to do?" asked Toby, almost in despair.

"I know what I'm goin' to do," said Ben, as he again placed the hen
under the basket; "I'm goin' to crawl under the barn an' try to catch
that cat, an' then I'm goin' home with my hen."

It seemed to be the desire of all the partners to get home with what
remained of their pets, and as Ben went under the barn on his hands and
knees, Leander started off with his rabbits, Bob went to look for his
calf, Reddy gathered up his bundle of paper, and Joe seized his
pasteboard box, all going away where they could think over the ruin in
solitude.

But high up on the post the cause of all this trouble chattered and
scolded, while his master sat on the ground, looking at him as if he
wondered whether or not it would ever be possible to reform such a
monkey.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




A TIGRESS HUNT.


On a dark evening in December the little village of Sundapoor, Northern
India, presented a picturesque appearance. Each bamboo hut whose inmate
could afford it had hung out a red or yellow paper lantern; fire-works
exploded gayly amongst the banyans and tamarind-trees; the whole
population of the place was gathered around three large bonfires at the
east end of the single street. This demonstration was all in honor of
the arrival an hour before, of Sir Dyce Hanchett--of whom so many boys
and girls have read--the famous young English sportsman from Madras. Sir
Dyce Hanchett had come full twenty miles out of his route expressly to
attempt ridding Sundapoor and its neighborhood of its dreaded curse for
so many long months, the detested man-eater Kali.

No single tiger had ever wrought such destruction within a little
district. The herds had been thinned beast by beast. In August the old
Buddhist priest Padará had been seized in the moon-lit street before his
door, and borne away, crying out feebly, into the jungle before help was
at hand; two women, one at the well in the afternoon, and the other a
few days later while returning from her milking at twilight, were no
more heard of until their bones were found whitening in a dry ravine.
But the dry ravine was not the home of Kali--for so they called her,
after the Hindoo goddess of murder--nor could they find it. The timid
villagers' hunting parties had been to no purpose. Their second one
indeed was overtaken by night, and before Sundapoor was reached a roar
was heard in the midst of the group; a terrible creature leaped across
their smouldering camp fire, and disappeared with one of their number.
In the morning, a mile away, the half-devoured body of the man was found
and buried. Kali had not carried it to her lair. No wonder that the
unhappy people of Sundapoor began to believe that the tigress was some
evil spirit in quadruped form that no eye should trace nor bullet kill.

Sir Dyce, however, only laughed at the superstition of the group, as he
sat, surrounded with his men, in the largest bungalow of the little
place, organizing his party for the morning. Even Ram Banee, the
greatest coward of all, exclaimed: "I have comfort when I behold this
stately Englishman, his guns, his bullets. And hearken to his elephant
eating behind the bungalow!"

At dawn he and his party were off. Out through the village street with
horns and tam-tams the procession moved. The preceding afternoon a
bullock had been seized. The crushed twigs and jungle grass, often
spotted with gore, were now traced for a mile by the trackers. Suddenly
a shout went up from these. "The bullock! the bullock!" Sure enough,
when Sir Dyce had forced his way with two others into the open, there on
the jungle's edge lay what was left of the unlucky animal. "Hurrah!"
cried the enthusiastic Englishman; "she can not be far away. Get
together, all of you, quickly. Beat the bush on the other side of
us--yonder, across the clearing."

Sir Dyce left his elephant, and joined on foot the excited natives. The
open was crossed. Wild cries and shouts, the clanging of the cymbals and
tam-tams, filled the morning air. The bush was thoroughly beat, every
eye and ear on the alert.

Sir Dyce and his party located themselves carefully in the underbrush
within easy shot of the carcass. It was their best chance. The afternoon
passed slowly. Each member of the little ambuscade had become a
sentinel. But no tigress came slinking into sight. The shadows grew
purple. Sir Dyce began to doubt the wisdom of further remaining in so
exposed a spot without a regular camping out. Or had not they best
return to Sundapoor? The elephant had been stationed some hundred yards
to the rear. Suddenly an old native laid his hand warningly upon Sir
Dyce's sleeve. The English hunter started, and looked out from behind
their screen toward the little clearing. Full in face of them, every
line and curve of her beautiful form brought into relief by the distance
and the green shade behind her, was seated at last a tigress on the
opposite side of the open. The great beast was indeed returning from her
lair, either to finish her supper here and now, or else to forage for
another one.

She sat there upon her haunches very composedly, looking over at the
bullock. Perhaps she suspected something. At all events, she seemed
reluctant to stir just yet. She remained well out of range, licking her
paws, and preening herself precisely like pussy before the fire.

The natives with Sir Dyce in his lurking-place would have risked a shot
already had he not checked them. After a moment, however, the great cat
raised her head, then lowered it, smelling the ground, and finally
advanced slowly toward the dead bullock. The excitement of the natives
upon actually beholding before them the dreaded marauder and murderess
of their district was evinced by their breathless watchfulness of every
motion she made.

The tigress gained the side of the bullock. Thereupon she stooped, and,
much to Sir Dyce's discomfiture, instead of beginning her supper then
and there, began easily and rapidly to drag the bullock back toward the
opposite thicket.

There was no time in such an event to be wasted. The elephant was not
available. Sir Dyce stepped quickly from cover and fired. Two of his
native companions followed his example. The tigress started, uninjured,
dropped the carcass, and turned. Perceiving the hunters, she stood for
an instant in a dignified attitude, then roared, lashed her tail
furiously, and charged down upon them. The natives shrieked, and rushed
pell-mell back. Sir Dyce fired, and pierced the brute's shoulder. She
now charged furiously upon him as he stood alone just forward of the
edge of the jungle. His last bullet met her. She leaped into the air,
rolled over and over in her death-agony, and then lay rigid and
motionless. No more cattle or priests or women would Kali bear away from
Sundapoor or any other village.

The natives approached the dead beast tremblingly, and offered prayers
to the great goddess whose name they had given it, before they ventured
to take the creature home in triumph. Sir Dyce had a rude ovation in
Sundapoor that evening that he often smiled over afterward. He cared
less for the songs sung in his honor, less for the fire-works and
drumming and the procession around his camp-stool, than he did for the
noble skin that afterward he took to his English home for his little
sons to roll upon. But then only an Indian village that has been long in
terror from a man-eater can appreciate what a relief he and a good
English gun had given it.




HISTORICAL TREES OF MEXICO.

BY HELEN S. CONANT.


Certain species of trees live to a very great age. There are trees in
existence which are supposed to be more than a thousand years old, and
many of them are intimately connected with historical events of the
past. In Morat, a town in Switzerland, where in 1476 a great victory was
won by the Swiss over Charles the Bold, is a famous lime-tree under
which Charles and his Generals sat down to rest before the battle; and
in another Swiss village a lime-tree is still standing, flourishing and
green in its old age, upon whose trunk in 1530 was pasted the
proclamation of the Reformation.

Many of our youthful readers will remember the account of some
historical trees of the United States given in the second volume of
YOUNG PEOPLE, and the interest it awakened for collecting and exchanging
leaves and twigs from these noble old landmarks, and we think they will
be interested to hear about two magnificent cypress-trees near the city
of Mexico. The oldest trees in the world are supposed to exist in the
cypress forests of Mexico. These cypresses grow to an immense height,
and the trunk which supports the great crown of feathery foliage is
sometimes more than one hundred feet in circumference.

When in 1519 Cortez landed on the Mexican coast, at the point where the
city of Vera Cruz is now situated, he found the country populated with
Indians, who received him in the most friendly manner, and very soon he
was visited by two messengers, who came from a certain great King called
Montezuma. They brought him rich presents, but entreated him to leave
the country. Now Cortez was a man of very determined character. He had
come to Mexico to make new conquests for the Emperor Charles V.; so he
paid no heed to Montezuma's message, but prepared himself and his
Spanish soldiery to march inland, and see the great magnificence which
he was told existed at the court of this powerful King. Fearing that a
portion if not all of his army might desert him, he burned his ships,
and thus cut off all means of retreat.

After a long and weary march, Cortez and his men arrived at the city of
Mexico, where the beautiful sight that appeared before their astonished
eyes made them feel as if they had reached the gates of an enchanted
realm. This capital of the great Aztec nation was built in the centre of
a large lake, and was connected with the surrounding country by broad
causeways. The surface of the lake was dotted with floating gardens, and
in the city great towers and temples and palaces of solid masonry rose
above the trees. Many of the streets were broad and well paved, others
were waterways like those of Venice, and crowded with canoes that went
back and forth loaded with fruit, flowers, and all kinds of merchandise.

But in the midst of this fair city was a terrible spot, where dreadful
deeds were done, for which the people well deserved the punishment which
soon fell upon them. It was the great Temple of the Sun, and upon its
summit stood a huge hideous idol of stone, which the people worshipped,
and before which they sacrificed many thousands of poor men, women, and
children.

[Illustration: THE FAVORITE TREE OF MONTEZUMA.]

Montezuma, the great Aztec King, thought himself a very wise ruler. He
had magnificent palaces and pleasure-gardens filled with flowers and
noble trees. One of his favorite palaces was situated several miles from
the city. It was built on a hill, and from its windows the King could
overlook the beautiful valley in the centre of which stood the city, and
watch the great volcano of Popocatepetl, which at that time often threw
forth smoke and burning lava. At the foot of the hill, all around the
palace, was a great park, in which grew many large cypress-trees. One
was Montezuma's favorite tree. He had a seat built under it, and was
accustomed to meet his warriors there and confer with them. That was
more than three hundred and sixty years ago, but the tree still stands,
strong and flourishing, and showing no signs of decay. It is thought to
be one of the oldest trees in the world. On sunny afternoons little
Indian boys and girls play around its enormous trunk in the shade of its
broad-spreading foliage, and they will all tell you that it is
Montezuma's tree under which they are playing, for it still is
remembered in connection with its ancient owner. This wonderful tree has
witnessed many strange events. It saw the downfall of Montezuma, and the
end of the terrible human sacrifices; it was a silent witness while the
Spaniards held rule over New Spain, as Mexico was for a time called; it
stood safely through the great revolution of sixty years ago, when the
Mexicans fought for liberty, and throwing off the Spanish yoke, founded
a republic of their own. In 1847, the bullets of American soldiers
whizzed through its branches, as our army, led by General Scott, stormed
under it and up the hill to take the Mexican fortress built on the
heights where centuries ago stood the pleasure-palace of Montezuma.
During the three years' rule of the French in Mexico, from 1864 to 1867,
when the republic was crushed, and Maximilian of Austria was Emperor,
this old tree shadowed the pathway where Maximilian and his Empress
passed on their way to their beautiful pleasure-palace, which crowned
the height above as in the days of Montezuma. This hill was called
Chapultepec by the ancient Aztecs, which signifies the hill of
grasshoppers, and it bears the same name still.

[Illustration: "THE TREE OF THE NOCHE TRISTE."]

The other historical cypress-tree stands on a village green about three
miles from the city of Mexico. Until nine years ago it was a noble tree,
but one night a party of Indians kindled a fire which burned out the
entire centre of the immense trunk, and left it only a scorched wreck of
its former splendor. Many of its branches are still adorned with
feathery foliage, and it is draped with hanging gray moss, similar to
that which grows on many trees in the Southern United States, which
gives it a venerable and hoary appearance suited to its great age. It is
called "The Tree of the _Noche Triste_," meaning the sad night. To
understand its name, we must follow the adventures of Cortez and his men
after their arrival at the city of Mexico.

Montezuma, although very suspicious of these white-faced strangers who
came riding on horses, which were animals unknown to the Aztecs, and
bringing with them great cannon which made a noise like thunder,
received them kindly, and gave splendid banquets in their honor.

But Cortez had not come to Mexico to live in luxury, but to gain
possession of the country, and the horrible human sacrifices which he
daily witnessed strengthened his resolution to break down the Aztec
power at any cost, and to establish the government and religion of
Spain. The task was difficult, for he was alone in a strange land, with
only a handful of men at his command. His first attempt ended in
disaster. He succeeded in seizing the person of Montezuma, the King, but
the Mexicans rebelled against the rule of the Spanish soldiery. In one
of the battles Montezuma was killed, which only increased the fury of
the Mexicans against the strangers with white faces. After losing many
of his men, Cortez finally decided to retreat from the city. It was a
dark rainy night in the summer of 1520 when with the remnant of his army
he passed out over one of the great causeways, closely pursued by the
furious Mexicans, who fired showers of sharply pointed arrows after him.
When at last he found himself in the open country, free from his
enemies, who had returned to their strongholds, Cortez sat down under
the great cypress-tree to rest. For the first time his heart failed him,
and all alone, in the dark stormy night, the stern warrior shed bitter
tears. And to this day the tree preserves the memory of that sad hour in
the name by which it is known.

The determination of Cortez to conquer Mexico became stronger than ever
after this bitter defeat. He immediately set to work to re-enforce his
army by making friends with tribes who had suffered oppression from the
powerful Aztecs. Fresh troops also arrived from Spain, and in a year
after the sad night, Cortez saw conquered Mexico at his feet, and its
great cities in the hands of Spanish soldiers. The temples stained with
the blood of so many unfortunate victims were overthrown, and in their
places churches were built, with towers bearing the sign of the cross.
Idolatry and human sacrifice on Mexican soil were ended forever.




[Illustration: FEEDING HIS PETS.]




RUTH'S OPPORTUNITY.

BY BELLE WILLIAMS.


A brighter morning never dawned on the little township of Greenville than
that of a certain day in the summer of '81. The sun rose with a fierce
glare, boding intense heat before night-fall. Every ray seemed like a
fiery dart sent down to destroy the few lingering traces of verdure, for
rain had not fallen in weeks, and plants and animals were alike consumed
with thirst.

The sun had wide range for havoc on Mr. Leonard's farm, and it blazed
relentlessly down upon his well-tilled acres, upon his roomy barns and
stables, which sheltered the panting cattle, and upon a little
"root-house," used as a storage for winter vegetables, that stood half
underground and covered with earth. But on this retreat the tyrant cast
his beams in vain. The shadowy room within was delightfully cool, and
there in the doorway lay little Scott, the five-year-old baby of the
household, with his chin resting on two chubby palms, his elbows planted
in the damp earth, and heels beating the air, intently watching a swarm
of ants. The old root-house had been a favorite haunt of the little
fellow during the hot, sultry days of summer, for it was so near the
kitchen that he never felt lonely there.

"Breakfast 'most ready, Ruthie?" he called out, still surveying the
interesting ant colony.

"Almost, little man," said sister Ruth, appearing at the porch door to
see what the small lord was about.

Ruth Leonard made a charming picture as she stood there shading her eyes
with her hand, framed in by a clustering mass of honeysuckle vines. Yet
no one called her a pretty girl. Though only sixteen, she was very tall
and strong for her age; every well-formed limb indicated the possession
of muscular strength, and her broad shoulders seemed just fitted to bear
burdens. Her thick brown hair was brushed plainly back from a low
forehead and braided, but the braid was oftener coiled up in a loose
knot to "get it out of the way." Not a suspicion of a curl was to be
seen, for Ruth always forgot to "put up her hair," and Nature had
evidently intended it to hang straight. A pair of keen gray eyes that
often grew dark with unsatisfied longing, yet hid in their depths a
world of conscious power, a straight nose, and full red lips, complete
the picture--a picture which had become to father and mother as their
daily bread.

Ruth turned away smiling, and went on with her work of setting the
table. Suddenly a shrill voice echoed through the room. "Hi, Betty! ho,
Betty! it's all in m'eye!" came with piercing distinctness from the open
doorway, accompanied by scuffling as of a brigade of robbers, and
boisterous Hal presented himself.

"Now, Hal--" began Ruth.

"Now, grandmother," reiterated Hal, striking an attitude, "don't reel
off more than a yard of lecture before breakfast."

"Henry, behave," commanded a stern voice from the other side of the
room, which caused a noticeable decline in Hal's spirits.

There stood Mr. Leonard, having just come down-stairs unnoticed by the
young scapegrace. He held little Lou by the hand, a delicate, sensitive
child, older than Hal, though scarcely taller than her sturdy brother.

"Here come the provisions," remarked Hal, as Ruth brought in a smoking
omelet from the kitchen.

"Go call Scott," said his father; which, cruel mandate obliged the young
gentleman to remove his admiring gaze from the repast.

"Ay, ay, sir," he responded, and in a few minutes he reappeared with
Scott, who was very red in the face, and howling most frantically. Hal
had the little fellow's skirts gathered tightly in one hand, while with
the other he firmly grasped the neck of his dress, just as he had picked
him up from the ground, "making him walk Spanish," as he termed it.

The family gathered around the table, and Mr. Leonard asked a blessing
on the food in a sad, pleading voice. For several minutes the children
seemed awed into silence. At length Ruth broke the stillness.

"Did you see the doctor again last night, father?"

"Yes, daughter."

"What did he say?" she eagerly asked.

Mr. Leonard could not at once trust himself to speak, but after a moment
he replied, in a husky voice, "The doctor says your mother will never
walk again."

The quick tears sprang to the girl's eyes as she thought of the dear
little Quaker mother upstairs, lying so patiently on her bed of
suffering, who only a year ago, before that terrible fall which hurt her
back, had been well and happy.

Lou began to sob outright, and great-hearted Hal again brushed his coat
sleeve over his face, but this time to wipe away the tears.

"Does mother know it?" asked Ruth.

"Yes."

"How does she feel about it?"

"Cheerful as ever," replied Mr. Leonard. "She never thinks of
complaining, but only of comforting us."

The children brightened up a little at these words, for their blithe
spirits refused to be long downcast, especially when they felt sure of
seeing the same bright, loving mother unchanged--all except Ruth; her
sober face too well expressed her thoughts.

"Oh, father," broke in Hal, presently, "Jake Murphy says the fire has
caught over at Liberty."

"Yes," replied his father, absently, "they are having a desperate
struggle with the fires this summer."

Lou's great blue eyes had grown brighter and brighter while they were
talking, and a pink spot glowed in each cheek as she asked, "Do you
think it _could_ get here?"

"No, I think not; the wind is decidedly westward, and the people of
Liberty will probably take all possible measures for checking its
progress."

Mr. Leonard sighed as he spoke, and he seemed to be looking straight
through Ruth rather than at her. Perhaps he was wondering how the four
bairns and the sick wife were to be fed and cared for all winter if no
rain came to save his failing crops.

Just then a low call was heard for Lou.

"Yes, ma'am," answered the little girl, running to the foot of the
stairs.

"Will thee bring mother a nice glass of cold water?"

"I will, mother," rang out Ruth's cheery voice; "I'm coming up anyway."

Ruth went out to the well with her tin water pail, that her mother might
have a draught fresh and sparkling. As she lowered the bucket, peering
down into the mossy depths, she noticed how low the water was--lower
than she had ever seen it, for their well was never known to fail, and
in these times of drought the neighbors from far and near drew their
daily supply from Farmer Leonard's spring. "We'll have to be very
careful of it," she thought, "or it will give out."

Ruth returned to the house with her cool refreshment, and taking one of
the best goblets from the pantry, gave an extra polish with a fresh
towel, and filled it with the water, "because it would taste so much
better out of that."

"I thank thee, deary. How good it looks!" said the invalid, drinking
eagerly. "Thee takes a deal of trouble for thy mother."

"And why shouldn't I? Thee is the best of mothers," responded the girl,
tenderly hugging her.

Ruth now began to busy herself about the room. She wheeled out a big
arm-chair by the window, padded it out with pillows into comfortable
proportions, placed in front of it a little stuffed cricket, and threw a
large soft shawl over the whole arrangement. She then gathered up all
the stray dishes, placed everything in order, and carefully dusted the
room.

A pair of loving eyes watched these operations, following every motion;
but not a word was spoken, not a word of the doctor's decision, not a
word of the life-long suffering in store.

"Now, mother," said Ruth at last, pausing in front of her, "we'll have
thee up in a twinkling;" and with one strong motion she quickly lifted
the slender form, so light in its best days, and so reduced by pain and
suffering now, into the chair.

When she had settled her comfortably, and arranged the blinds so as to
make a pleasant shade in the room, she brought the mate to the little
stuffed cricket, and sat at her mother's side.

"What is it, daughter?--what troubles thee?"

"Oh! a great many things, mother," answered Ruth, laying her head on the
sympathetic breast.

"Well, suppose thee tell mother the greatest trouble, and then the
second, until thy mind is unburdened?" and the soft hands gently
smoothed the brown hair.

"Well, the first is about thee;" and the tears would come in spite of
her.

"Why, my dear child, do not grieve over that. Almost a year has gone by,
and another will soon pass; and think what a calm, peaceful time I may
have with so busy a little housekeeper to do everything."

"Ah! but that is just the trouble, mother," said Ruth, earnestly, as she
lifted her tear-stained face. "I feel so good-for-nothing when I have
only the same homely little duties every day. I do so long for a chance
to be great and good."

"My daughter"--and Mrs. Leonard took both trembling hands in her
own--"does thee know that the only way to be good and great is to do
faithfully the work that is nearest thy hand? Let thy whole heart be
drawn into each homely duty, and when an opportunity comes to do a great
work, it will find thee ready."

Ruth said nothing, but the deep, strong look in the gray eyes expressed
a firm resolve.

Presently there was a clatter of stout boots heard on the stairs.

"Harry is coming," said the mother with a smile.

In burst the noisy urchin, all aglow with excitement, his hair flying,
eyes blazing, and breath so nearly spent that he could hardly speak.

"Don't you smell the smoke?" he gasped. "Something's up! Father--and a
crowd of men--have gone off--into the woods--to see what's the matter.
There's danger, I tell you. Come on, Scott, let's sit on the big post
and watch."

"Thee'd better go down and see about it," said Mrs. Leonard to Ruth, as
the two sat staring blankly into each other's faces.

"I will, mother," assented Ruth, recovering her wonted energy, as she
ran down the stairs.

A strong wind greeted her upon opening the outer door, blowing into her
face a sickening smell of burned wood. The whole sky seemed overcast,
and a thick, heavy haze was settling down upon fields and buildings as
far as the eye could reach.

"Harry! Harry!" she called, excitedly, "where's father?"

"Gone to the woods, I told you. Oh, there he comes!" and Hal peered into
the gloom as he looked in the direction of the woods.

Ruth saw a dark moving object coming toward them. She waited for no
second look, but sped away like the wind into the nearest field.

"Oh, father, what's happened?" she cried, breathlessly, running up to
him and catching his arm as she turned to keep pace with his long
strides toward the house.

"We're going to burn out," he answered, with set teeth, "and there's no
time to lose. Go get your mother ready to move, while I harness the
horses. We must reach the lake within an hour, or--"

"How can we?" uttered Ruth, aghast. "Ten miles!"

"It must be done. Quick, daughter!"

The girl needed no further bidding, but ran homeward, calling to Hal as
she passed, and charging him to keep near the house with Scott.

Ruth made straight for the store-room, and filling her arms with a pile
of blankets, she carried them to the door and threw them on the ground,
ready to spread in the wagon. She then hastened to her mother's room,
and found her pale and composed, trying to quiet Lou, who was sobbing
hysterically.

"Mother, we're gone. Not a thing can be saved. Father's getting the
wagon ready to drive us to the lake;" and Ruth began to dress her
mother, slipping on a loose wrapper, and covering her with shawl after
shawl as a protection from the scorching air.

"Try and gather up some of the clothing, Ruth, if there's time," said
Mrs. Leonard, controlling herself into calmness.

Ruth obeyed, pulled a sheet from the bed, and crowded into it such
articles as were nearest at hand.

"Oh, mother!" screamed Lou, and hid her face, as a blinding smoke burst
into the room enveloping the place in darkness.

"We must go," Ruth, cried, as she snatched her mother up in her arms,
and stepped firmly toward the door, clasping her burden tight to her
breast, and followed by Lou, clinging frantically to her skirts.

Hurriedly Ruth groped her way down the staircase and through the lower
rooms, stumbling over the furniture, until they reached the scorching
blast without. Upon emerging from the house a burning shower of cinders
met them.

Not a sign of father or the wagon.

"Come, put your dress over your head, Lou," panted Ruth, whose hands
were smarting with pain.

There was not a moment to be lost. They must flee somewhere, for the
house was already ablaze. An awful yellow glare lit up the dense
darkness, and on every side the crash of falling trees filled the air
with a terrible din. On they rushed through the blistering heat,
scarcely knowing where, Ruth still bearing her precious burden, and the
children clinging to her in wild despair.

How long they pursued this headlong flight no one knew. All sense of
time was lost; it might have been minutes, or it might have been hours.
Suddenly Ruth lost her balance. She gave utterance to one piercing
shriek, but she never let go her burden, and then she slid down, down,
down. The terrified children screamed as they rolled over and over, and
then all was silence and darkness.

Ruth was the first to recover.

"Mother?"

"I'm safe. The children?"

"Oh, where are we?" moaned the little ones, creeping on their hands and
knees toward the familiar voices. They managed to reach the sheltering
embrace of mother, who lay unhurt amid her wrappings just as she had
slipped from the stanch arms that saved her life.

Ruth began to feel around; for even the ghastly light of the flames had
vanished, and not an object was visible in the thick, deep gloom.
Brambles and briers and low bushes upon all sides. With each turn the
dry twigs and leaves crackled, and in attempting to move, the girl found
her clothing caught upon thorns that projected on all sides. It was with
difficulty that she managed to extricate herself, bruised and benumbed
as she was, but it was necessary to explore further. The ground felt
hard and clayey, and was covered with stones. Turning halfway round,
Ruth found a little clear space, and creeping forward, soon came to
rising ground. Catching hold of a bush, she pulled herself a little way
up the slope, when an idea of their situation suddenly flashed upon her.

"Why, we're in the creek--the dry creek down by the meadow lot," she
called out. "Where are you all? I've lost you."

"Here," replied her mother's voice not three yards away. "Is Scott with
thee? Harry and Lou are safe."

"No," answered Ruth, aghast, hastening with all possible speed to her
mother's side.

"Where is the child?" she cried, immediately calling aloud with all her
strength, "Scott! Scott!"

But no answer.

"He must have hidden somewhere when the darkness came," was the mother's
despairing conclusion.

"The root-house!" Ruth's words told the awful story.

"If I _could_ save him!" And with a silent prayer for strength, she once
more dashed into the stifling smoke.

       *       *       *       *       *

Hour after hour crept by; it seemed to the terrified children as if they
must have sat there for days; and they were so hungry! and Ruth never
would come!

Presently, after long waiting, the darkness began to lift somewhat, and
they could see each other's faces. Little by little the gloom cleared
away until the whole atmosphere was of a dusky hue. And still they
waited. At length, starting up with an exclamation of joy as rapid
footsteps approached, they heard their father's voice.

"Ruth? Hal?"

"Here," roared Hal, starting to his feet.

In a moment more Mr. Leonard bounded down the steep bank of the creek,
and with him Jake Murphy, who had started from the village to warn Mr.
Leonard, reaching the farm just as that first overwhelming darkness
dropped upon the village.

They had found shelter in the old well, for Mr. Leonard was overtaken in
his preparations for flight, and could not reach the house before it
burst into flames. When the crisis was past, almost wild with grief and
despair, he commenced a search for wife and children, fearing at every
step to come upon their lifeless bodies. For a moment he stood overcome
with thankfulness as he found them unharmed.

But two were missing. Mrs. Leonard hurriedly told of little Scott's
disappearance, and of Ruth's effort to save him.

The two men hastened to the root-house. It was still standing, though
blackened and charred, and no sign of life appeared. The door was
tightly closed, and upon opening it a sight met the father's eye which
almost overpowered the strong man. There lay Ruth, white and still,
tightly clasping the little fellow to her bosom.

It was but the work of a moment to carry them out of the dark building.
Both were unconscious, though they bore few traces of the fire. Might
there not yet be a chance of life?

Quickly the men bore the motionless forms to the creek. All the remedies
which they could obtain were applied, but it seemed in vain; the loving
ones could do little but watch and wait.

At last Ruth stirred, and slowly opened her eyes. The brave heart once
more began to beat, though for many a long, weary day the blistered
hands and arms refused to move. But Ruth was spared.

Little Scott lay there for hours, until it seemed that the family must
lose their baby, when he wonderingly gazed around upon the anxious
group, and inquired, "Did you try to cook me for dinner?"

All the pent-up feelings found vent in a tearful laugh, and then the
laugh turned to joy, and the joy to thanksgiving.

When the flaming hurricane had swept onward in its mad course of
destruction, and the sun, which had risen in such fierce glory, sent a
last sickly glimmer through the murky air, it revealed the little
village of Greenville a waste of smoking ruins. But the fire had
mercifully stopped upon reaching Farmer Leonard's grassy meadow, and
thus had the fugitives in the creek been saved.

The strong men set to work with a will. It took but a few hours to raise
a little shed for protection; and day after day his prospects
brightened, as the timely aid and sympathy of friends helped him to
rebuild his ruined home.

It would have been hard to find a happier household than this reunited
family. Slowly strength returned to Ruth's wounded arms, and a sweet
peace shone through the gray eyes as she once more became able to enjoy
the blessings which had so nearly been taken from her.

Her great opportunity had come, and it had found her ready.




[Illustration: "WAIT FOR PUSSIE, FIDO!"]




HOW A BOY WAS HIRED OUT, AND WHAT CAME OF IT.

BY GEORGE CARY EGGLESTON.


When Michael Angelo was twelve years of age, although he had had no
instruction in art, he did a piece of work which greatly pleased the
painter Dominico Ghirlandajo. This artist at once declared that here was
a lad of genius, who must quit his studies, and become a painter.

This was what the little Michael most wished to do, but he had no hope
that his father would listen for a moment to the suggestion. His father,
Ludovico Buonarotti, was a distinguished man in the state, and held art
and artists in contempt. He had planned a great political career for his
boy, as the boy knew very well.

Ghirlandajo was enthusiastic, however, and in company with the lad he at
once visited Ludovico, and asked him to place Michael in his studio.

Ludovico was very angry, saying that he wished his son to become a
prominent man in society and politics, not a dauber and a mason; but
when he found that young Michael was determined to be an artist or
nothing, he gave way, though most ungraciously. He would not say that he
consented to place his son with Ghirlandajo; he would not admit that the
study of art was study, or the studio of an artist anything but a shop.
He said to the artist: "I give up my son to you. He shall be your
apprentice or your servant, as you please, for three years, and you must
pay me twenty-four florins for his services."

In spite of the insulting words and the insulting terms, Michael Angelo
consented thus to be hired out as a servant to the artist, who should
have been paid by his father for teaching him. He had to endure much,
indeed, besides the anger and contempt of his father, who forbade him
even to visit his house, and utterly disowned him. His fellow-pupils
were jealous of his ability, and ill-treated him constantly, one of them
going so far as to break his nose with a blow.

When Michael Angelo had been with Ghirlandajo about two years, he went
one day to the Gardens of St. Mark, where the Prince Lorenzo de'
Medici--who was the great patron of art in Florence--had established a
rich museum of art-works at great expense. One of the workmen in the
garden gave the boy leave to try his hand at copying some of the
sculptures there, and Michael, who had hitherto studied only painting,
was glad of a chance to experiment with the chisel, which he preferred
to the brush. He chose for his model an ancient figure of a faun, which
was somewhat mutilated. The mouth, indeed, was entirely broken off, but
the boy was very self-reliant, and this did not trouble him. He worked
day after day at the piece, creating a mouth for it of his own
imagining, with the lips parted in laughter, and the teeth displayed.

When he had finished and was looking at his work, a man standing near
asked if he might offer a criticism.

"Yes," answered the boy, "if it is a just one."

"Of that you shall be the judge," said the man.

"Very well. What is it?"

"The forehead of your faun is old, but the mouth is young. See, it has a
full set of perfect teeth. A faun so old as this one is would not have
perfect teeth."

The lad admitted the justice of the criticism, and proceeded to remedy
the defect by chipping away two or three of the teeth, and chiselling
the gums so as to give them a shrivelled appearance.

The next morning, when Michael went to remove his faun from the garden,
it was gone. He searched everywhere for it, but without success.
Finally, seeing the man who had made the suggestion about the teeth, he
asked him if he knew where it was.

"Yes," replied the man, "and if you will follow me I'll show you where
it is."

"Will you give it back to me? I made it, and have a right to it."

"Oh, if you must have it, you shall."

With that he led the way into the palace of the Prince, and there, among
the most precious works of art in the collection, stood the faun. The
young sculptor cried out in alarm, declaring that the Prince Lorenzo
would never forgive the introduction of so rude a piece of work among
his treasures of sculpture. To his astonishment the man declared that he
was himself the Prince Lorenzo de' Medici, and that he set the highest
value upon this work.

"I am your protector and friend," he added. "Henceforth you shall be
counted as my son, for you are destined to become one of the great
masters of art."

This was overwhelming good fortune. Lorenzo de' Medici was a powerful
nobleman, known far and wide to be a most expert judge of works of art.
His approval was in itself fame and fortune.

Filled with joy, the lad went straightway to his father's house, which
he had been forbidden to enter, and forcing his way into Ludovico's
presence, told him what had happened. The father refused to believe the
good news until Michael led him into Lorenzo's presence.

When the Prince, by way of emphasizing his good-will, offered Ludovico
any post he might choose, he asked for a very modest place indeed,
saying, with bitter contempt, that it was good enough "for the father of
a mason."




THE HARDEST TUG OF ALL.

A BAVARIAN STORY.

BY DAVID KER.


The sun was just beginning to sink over the beautiful hills of Southern
Bavaria. A big red-bearded man, with arms bare to the elbow, stood at
the door of a little mountain inn upon one of the higher slopes,
watching, with his broad brown hand arched over his eyes, a group of
five men who had just issued from the mass of dark green pines that
covered the crest of the opposite ridge.

"One, two, three, four, five," counted the landlord. "They're all there
but Hermann; but they've found no game, I can see. Where can Hermann be,
I wonder? _He_ won't come back empty-handed, I'll be bound."

"Hermann's late," said one of the foresters, "but I warrant he'll be
ready for his supper when he does come."

"And well he may, if he has found any game, for I can tell you, lads,
that to carry a quarter of venison from the Riesenberg to my door, on a
roasting day like this, would be a job for Strong Schalk himself."

"And who may Strong Schalk be?" asked a sunburned peddler who was
sitting beside the window.

"_Who?_" echoed the landlord, staring; "why, brother, you must be a
stranger in these parts to ask that. But if you want to know about him,
all you've got to do is to go down to Kreuzweg town yonder and ask any
man, woman, or child you may meet about 'Strong Schalk,' and they'll
tell you something that'll astonish you."

"And if that's not enough," struck in one of the hunters, with a grin,
"let him go into Schalk's shop and challenge him to wrestle, and he'll
be astonished still more--eh, Father Baum?"

"Ugh! don't talk of it!" grunted the landlord, making a wry face; "you
make my fingers ache with the very recollection."

"Why, he must be a perfect giant!" cried the peddler, who had been
listening open-mouthed.

"No, that's the strangest part of it. He's no bigger than another
man--rather smaller, in fact--and a tailor into the bargain; and yet he
can do feats worthy of Hans Stronghand in the story."

"Of whom are you speaking?" asked a deep voice from the door.

"Of Strong Schalk, the tailor of Kreuzweg, Friend Hermann," answered the
landlord, shaking hands with the new-comer, a powerful young fellow,
with an air which showed that he had no small idea of his own
importance.

"The mischief take Strong Schalk!" cried Hermann, angrily. "I'm sick of
his very name;" and with the full power of his mighty voice he rolled
out the song:

  "There were a host of tailors,
    Brave fellows one and all;
  Then drank they, all the ninety,
  Ay, nine times nine-and-ninety,
    Out of a thimble small.

  "And when this draught had quenched their thirst,
    Then weigh themselves would they;
  Yet could not all the ninety,
  Ay, nine times nine-and-ninety,
    A single goat upweigh.

  "Then homeward trudged they all--but lo!
    The door was locked within;
  Then hopped they, all the ninety,
  Ay, nine times nine-and-ninety,
    Right through the key-hole, in."

The boisterous chorus had hardly died away, when a quiet but
unmistakably firm voice was heard to say:

"Stop there! enough of this!"

All turned with a start, and saw that the silent stranger near the door
had risen from his seat.

"Gentlemen," he continued, amid the universal hush of amazement, "I must
tell you that _I_ am a tailor, and that I object to hear any man speak
ill of my trade."

"Do you, really?" cried Hermann, with a laugh. "Well, then, I must tell
you that you will either keep a civil tongue in your head, or I'll have
to show you the difference between an honest forester and a fellow who
lives on cloth clippings and ends of thread."

"Better live on them than on stolen game," retorted the unknown, with
biting contempt.

At this last insinuation, honest Hermann--who certainly was said to be
not overparticular whether the deer that he shot belonged to the park or
to the forest--lost patience altogether, and laid his hand upon his long
hunting-knife. But instantly the landlord thrust himself between them.

"Halt there, lad--no bare blades in _my_ house, if you please. I'll tell
you a better way to settle it than that. You know our old Bavarian
fashion; when two young fellows want to try each other's strength, they
join hands and see which can tug the other across the line. Clear a
space there, and let us see which is the best man."

The tables and benches were pushed back, a line chalked on the floor,
and Hermann and the stranger, seizing each other's hands in a strong
grasp, stood foot to foot, awaiting the signal.

Now for the first time it broke upon the foresters that their champion
might not have such an easy victory after all, for the supple vigor of
the stranger's movements, and the firmness with which he planted his
feet, showed that Hermann had his work cut out for him. Hermann himself,
feeling the iron grasp of the unknown's long bony fingers, began to
think so too; but could any man, much less a tailor, be a match for
_him_? Absurd! And he began with a pull that ought to have ended the
whole business at once; but somehow it didn't.

Then, stimulated by his comrades' shouts, Hermann put forth all his
strength, tugging as if he were uprooting a tree, till the sweat hung in
big drops on his forehead, and the veins of his hands stood out like
cords. But though the unknown was sorely shaken, across the line he
would not come; and at length Hermann paused, exhausted.

Then the watching eyes around saw the stranger's arms stiffen suddenly,
and Hermann's huge frame bend slowly forward. Frantically he struggled,
but his strength was spent, and forward he slid, inch by inch. Just on
the chalk line he made a final effort, and stood firm for an instant;
but now the stranger exerted all his force in turn, and pulled him over
the line with such a tremendous tug that they both rolled on the floor
together.

"Comrade!" shouted the hunters, crowding round the conqueror, "you've
done what none of _us_ could ever do. Tell us your name, that we may
remember it."

"My parents named me Ferdinand," answered the stranger, with a queer
little mocking smile, "but of late folks have taken to calling me Strong
Schalk!"

"Strong Schalk!" echoed Hermann, starting from the seat upon which he
had sunk dejectedly. "Shake hands, lad; it would have broken my heart to
be beaten by a tailor, but I don't mind a bit being beaten by _you_.
Come, let us be friends!"

And from that day forth the two men were the best friends imaginable.




HOW TO MAKE A TOY CANOE.

BY C. W. FISHER.


The building of a birch-bark canoe of sufficient size and well enough
made for actual use would rather tax the mechanical skill of most boys;
but with no better tool than a jackknife, and with a little ingenuity, a
small model may be easily made.

There are few localities where the material--the white birch--can not be
obtained. The dimensions given here are those of one which hangs above
us as we write, and are only given to make the explanations clearer. Of
course it can be built of any size, and the young builder may make such
other changes in its construction as taste or necessity may suggest.

A tree not more than eight inches through furnishes the best quality of
bark, flexible enough to be readily handled, and tough enough to be
durable. Woodsmen tell us that in stripping it we should avoid
"girdling" the tree--that is, removing the bark the entire distance
round--but should leave a piece several inches wide, that the flow of
sap shall not be wholly stopped. Having determined upon the size of the
canoe (ours is twenty-four inches long), select a part of the tree as
free from knots and imperfections as possible. Make two horizontal cuts
for three-fourths of the girth, and about two feet apart. Connect these
by two vertical cuts at their ends, and peel off the piece between the
cuts. This will be of an oblong shape, and about twenty-four inches by
eighteen. The bark consists of many layers, and the outside one should
be pulled off and discarded, those beneath being much handsomer in color
and finish.

[Illustration]

The diagram shows the shape in which the piece is to be first marked
with pencil, and then cut with knife or shears. The edges from B round
to A and C, and from D round to E and F, are next to be joined, and
sewed with an X stitch in colored silk or thread. The natural curve of
the bark shapes an excellent bottom to the little craft, and a gunwale,
which prevents splitting, and gives a more ship-shape appearance to it,
is easily prepared by taking a thinner piece than that of which the body
of the canoe is made, cutting two strips an inch wide and long enough to
extend from A to F, folding them lengthwise, and stitching them as
before, crease uppermost, over the edges. A better curve, and perhaps
added strength, may be secured by running a small wire under the crease,
but this is both troublesome and unnecessary. Two or three thwarts can
be made without difficulty from a bit of soft pine, and held in place
just under the gunwale by small brads.

Two coats of thin shellac give a beautiful, and lasting finish to the
work, and one is really surprised at the pretty result of so slight an
expenditure of time and labor. Suspended from a hook or an archway by
bright ribbons attached to the prow, stern, and sides, and filled with
dried grapes, or, better still, lined with a shaped tin vessel
containing moss and planted with ferns, the canoe becomes a graceful
household ornament, as well as a charming reminder of a summer's
holiday.




OUR BULL-FIGHT.

BY JIMMY BROWN.


I'm going to stop improving my mind. It gets me into trouble all the
time. Grown-up folks can improve their minds without doing any harm, for
nobody ever tells them that their conduct is such, and that there isn't
the least excuse in the world for them: but just as sure as a boy tries
to improve his mind, especially with animals, he gets into dreadful
difficulties.

There was a man came to our town to lecture a while ago. He had been a
great traveller, and knew all about Rome and Niagara Falls and the North
Pole, and such places, and father said: "Now, Jimmy, here's an
opportunity for you to learn something and improve your mind go and take
your mother and do take an interest in something besides games."

Well, I went to the lecture. The man told all about the Australian
savages and their boomerangs. He showed us a boomerang, which is a stick
with two legs, and an Australian will throw it at a man, and it will go
and hit him, and come back of its own accord. Then he told us about the
way the Zulus throw their assegais--that's the right way to spell
it--and spear an Englishman that is morn ten rods away from them. Then
he showed a long string with a heavy lead ball on each end, and said the
South Americans would throw it at a wild horse, and it would wind around
the horse's legs, and tie itself into a bow-knot, and then the South
Americans would catch the horse. But the best of all was the account of
a bull-fight which he saw in Spain, with the Queen sitting on a throne,
and giving a crown of evergreens to the chief bull-fighter. He said that
bull-fighting was awfully cruel, and that he told us about it so that we
might be thankful that we are so much better than those dreadful Spanish
people, who will watch a bull-fight all day, and think it real fun.

The next day I told Mr. Travers about the boomerang, and he said it was
all true. Once there was an Australian savage in a circus, and he got
angry, and he threw his boomerang at a man who was in the third story of
a hotel. The boomerang went down one street and up another, and into the
hotel door, and upstairs, and knocked the man on the head, and came back
the same way right into the Australian savage's hand.

I was so anxious to show father that I had listened to the lecture that
I made a boomerang just like the one the lecturer had. When it was done,
I went out into the back yard, and slung it at a cat on the roof of our
house. It never touched the cat, but it went right through the
dining-room window, and gave Mr. Travers an awful blow in the eye,
besides hitting Sue on the nose. It stopped right there in the
dining-room, and never came back to me at all, and I don't believe a
word the lecturer said about it. I don't feel courage to tell what
father said about it.

Then I tried to catch Mr. Thompson's dog, that lives next door to us,
with two lead balls tied on the ends of a long string. I didn't hit the
dog any more than I did the cat, but I didn't do any harm except to Mrs.
Thompson's cook, and she ought to be thankful that it was only her arm,
for the doctor said that if the balls had hit her on the head they would
have broken it, and the consequences might have been serious.

It was a good while before I could find anything to make an assegai out
of; but after hunting all over the house, I came across a lovely piece
of bamboo about ten feet long, and just as light as a feather. Then I
got a big knife blade that hadn't any handle to it, and that had been
lying in father's tool chest for ever so long, and fastened it on the
end of the bamboo. You wouldn't believe how splendidly I could throw
that assegai, only the wind would take it, and you couldn't tell when
you threw it where it would bring up. I don't see how the Zulus ever
manage to hit an Englishman; but Mr. Travers says that the Englishmen
are all so made that you can't very well miss them. And then perhaps the
Zulus, when they want to hit them, aim at something else. One day I was
practicing with the assegai at our barn door, making believe that it was
an Englishman, when Mr. Carruthers, the butcher, drove by, and the
assegai came down and went through his foot, and pinned it to the wagon.
But he didn't see me, and I guess he got it out after a while, though I
never saw it again.

But what the lecturer taught us about bull-fights was worse than
anything else. Tom McGinnis's father has a terrible bull in the pasture,
and Tom and I agreed that we'd have a bull-fight, only, of course, we
wouldn't hurt the bull. All we wanted to do was to show our parents how
much we had learned about the geography and habits of the Spaniards.

Tom McGinnis's sister Jane, who is twelve years old, and thinks she
knows everything, said she'd be the Queen of Spain, and give Tom and me
evergreen wreaths. I got an old red curtain out of the dining-room, and
divided it with Tom, so that we could wave it in the bull's face. When a
bull runs after a bull-fighter, the other bull-fighter just waves his
red rag, and the bull goes for him and lets the first bull-fighter
escape. The lecturer said that there wasn't any danger so long as one
fellow would always wave a red rag when the bull ran after the other
fellow, and of course we believed him.

Pretty nearly all the school came down to the pasture to see our
bull-fight. The Queen of Spain sat on the fence, because there wasn't
any other throne, and the rest of the fellows and girls stood behind the
fence. The bull was pretty savage; but Tom and I had our red rags, and
we weren't afraid of him.

As soon as we went into the pasture the bull came for me, with his head
down, and bellowing as if he was out of his mind. Tom rushed up and
waved his red rag, and the bull stopped running after me, and went after
Tom, just as the lecturer said he would.

[Illustration: "HE WENT TWENTY FEET RIGHT UP INTO THE AIR."]

I know I ought to have waved my red rag, so as to rescue Tom, but I was
so interested that I forgot all about it, and the bull caught up with
Tom. I should think he went twenty feet right up into the air, and as he
came down he hit the Queen of Spain, and knocked her about six feet
right against Mr. McGinnis, who had come down to the pasture to stop the
fight.

The doctor says they'll all get well, though Tom's legs are all broke,
and his sister's shoulder is out of joint, and Mr. McGinnis has got to
get a new set of teeth. Father didn't do a thing to me--that is, with
anything--but he talked to me till I made up my mind that I'd never try
to learn anything from a lecturer again, not even if he lectures about
Indians and scalping-knives.




THE OLD MILL.


  Oh, the merry mill-stream it is sparkling and bright
  As it runs down the hill-side in shadow and light;
  Now it circles in pools, and now throws a cascade,
  And laughs out in high glee at the leap it has made.

  With its ripples are mingled on many a day
  The shouts and the laughter of children at play;
  And many a picnic is joyously spread
  On its banks, where the green branches wave overhead.

  But the jolliest place is the old ruined mill,
  With the great wooden water-wheel, solemn and still;
  Once it whirled round and round with the rush of the stream,
  Till a new mill was built to be driven by steam.

  Now the children climb over its big wooden spokes
  But the wheel into motion they never can coax;
  They may clamber and push, they may tug with a zest,
  They can not awake the old giant from rest.

  And perhaps, if it only could speak, it would say:
  "After all the hard labor I've done in my day,
  It is pleasant to know that the children may still
  Find their happiest times in the old ruined mill."

[Illustration]




[Illustration: OUR POST-OFFICE BOX.]


Are you sorry, little folks, that your vacation weeks are flying away so
rapidly? They fairly race, says Lottie C., when the second week of
August has come. So they do; but I am sure Lottie would not like a whole
year without school or studies. Fred H. is making a collection of
butterflies, and finds the occupation very interesting. Etta R. has
never until this summer seen the ocean; she likes to hear the roar of
the breakers, and to watch the great waves rolling in upon the shore.
Tom P., whose mother has been ill, has been taking care of her, there
being no girls at home. Well done, Tom. The boy who is kind and
thoughtful in his manner to mother is manly, and on the way to make a
gentleman. That is what a gentleman is, boys--just a _gentle man_. Think
of it. Pauline C. has been reading Mrs. Browning's poems in her
vacation. She has spent her time very wisely. And you, Edward and
Priscy, Charles and Kate, Theodore and Isabel, Lulu and Minnie, and all
the dear girls and boys who come clustering around me even in my dreams,
I am glad when I think how busy and bright you are, and when I hear how
you are trying every day to do right and be good. Our Post-office Box
has been crowded lately with your sparkling letters, but it is very
elastic; so, little Sunbeams, keep on shining.

       *       *       *       *       *

  ORION, ILLINOIS.

     I am a little boy seven years old. I have a canary-bird named
     Dicky, who sings the day long. I had two pet rabbits, named Bunny
     and Snowflake. On the Fourth of July a dog caught Snowflake and
     killed him. I felt very bad about it. Papa buried it in the yard,
     and I am going to put a head-stone at its grave. Papa says a neat
     board, with "Snowflake" on it, will do. I have two little chickens
     named Specky and Blackie; and mamma got another rabbit, and his
     name is Darling. He is as white as snow, and his eyes are red as
     fire. I feed them on clover, bread, cabbage, and some nice tender
     grass. I can read in the Second Reader. I am going to school this
     winter. I can print on my slate. Do you like to get letters from
     little boys? If you do, I guess I will write another some time.
     Good-by. I like "Mr. Stubbs's Brother" ever so much.

  S. P. D.

Poor little Snowflake! If I were you, dear, I would plant a rose-bush
beside his grave. What dreadful things have happened to some of our
pets! Of course I like to hear from little boys, and you must write
again when you are in the Third Reader.

       *       *       *       *       *

  PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA.

     I want to tell you about a smart little girl named Hebe at our
     school. She is only six years old. One day Miss S. said, "What does
     c-a-n-e spell, Hebe?" Hebe said she didn't know. Then Miss S. said,
     "What do gentlemen walk with?" and Hebe said, "Ladies." Another
     time one of the teachers was hearing her spell, and she couldn't
     spell one word right; but at last she did. The teacher asked why
     she didn't spell it that way at first, and she said, "Oh, I knew it
     all the time, only I was just hugbugging."

  LUCY P. W.

What a droll little scholar! She must make the class quite merry.

       *       *       *       *       *

  WATERLOO, IOWA.

     I have taken YOUNG PEOPLE from the first number, and have read the
     letters in the Post-office Box with great interest, but have never
     before ventured to write one myself; but now I thought I would
     write and tell you about my trip on the Fourth of July across Iowa.
     Monday evening I went alone to Cedar Rapids, and in the morning
     papa took me in his mail-car, and I rode with him to Council Bluffs
     over the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad. It is a beautiful
     prairie country, with occasional belts of timber on the streams. We
     everywhere saw splendid farms, with fine houses and barns and large
     herds. We passed through an Indian reservation near Tama City. The
     Indian men were out with their fish-poles and guns, and their
     squaws were hoeing in the fields, while the boys, like true
     American boys, were playing with fire-crackers. We passed, near
     Ames, the State Agricultural College and Farm. Marshalltown and
     Boone are thriving towns on this route. At Boone we came to Iowa's
     vast coal field, and we passed several mines; it is "soft" coal.
     Near Moingona I saw the little house where Kate Shelley lives, and
     crossed the long bridge that she crept over at night and in a
     terrible storm to warn a coming train of danger. The last twenty
     miles of our trip are the most interesting. On the right are the
     "bottom" lands of the Missouri, with the highlands of Nebraska in
     the distance. On our left are the "bluffs," rising perhaps two
     hundred feet, and taking many curious shapes. Once we came in sight
     of the great river, and I can now understand why it is called the
     "Big Muddy." At nearly every station on the route the people were
     out to celebrate the Fourth; flags were flying, bands playing, and
     the small boys and fire-crackers were everywhere. I hope they all
     had a pleasant, time; I know I did. As I have never seen a letter
     in the YOUNG PEOPLE from Waterloo, I hope you will like mine well
     enough to print it.

  MARY F. M.

We are all glad when our correspondents describe their pleasant trips,
and tell what they have seen when away from home. I think Mary's letter
shows that she took notice of what was worth looking at in her
Fourth-of-July journey across Iowa.

       *       *       *       *       *

  BRECKSVILLE, OHIO.

     I was ten years old December 20, 1881, and live in Cleveland, but I
     am staying here for my vacation. It is a very pretty country
     village. I like very much to ride on the hay wagon, but the hay is
     damp to-day, and can not be taken in. I am in the Fourth Reader at
     school. I would have been in the Fifth, only, when I came from
     Brooklyn, New York, I was put back on account of the difference in
     the schools. I like the West better than the East. I am getting
     stouter every day. I have a brother seven years old, named Sumner.

  LINCOLN S.

I think it is great fun to ride on top of a load of hay. It makes one
feel quite proud to be so high up in the world.

       *       *       *       *       *

  PEEKSKILL, NEW YORK.

     I have taken HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE a year and a half, and like it
     very much. My home is on the State Camp Ground, but we moved away
     when the soldiers came there. We moved the 16th of June; I was
     sorry to come away. I do not like it where we live now; it is a
     little cooped-up place on the edge of Peekskill. I am the only girl
     of the family, but I have four brothers. The week of the Fourth of
     July we all went over on a high hill overlooking the camp ground to
     see the fire-works. We can not hear the music very plainly, because
     of the hill in front of us. I have been over to the camp six times
     since we moved. We have a pet cat that can catch fish. One day last
     summer two of my brothers were out rowing in a boat, and the cat
     was with them, and when they were quite a way out in the creek she
     jumped overboard and swam ashore.

  A. G. C.

Pussy was an exception to cats in general. They seldom like to wet their
dainty feet. It must be very pleasant to have four brothers to take care
of and pet their only sister. I hope yours are very fond of you, and
that you are kind and good to them.

       *       *       *       *       *

  BRIGHTON, SUSSEX, ENGLAND.

     I am an English boy nine years old. I have a sister named Eva; she
     is four years old; and I have also a jolly little brother named
     Harold, and he is two. I have only one pet, a canary, whose name is
     Dick; he sings very loud. A friend of my father's, who used to go
     to school with him, lives in Philadelphia, and he sends me the
     numbers of YOUNG PEOPLE every month. I do enjoy reading them, and I
     think Jimmy Brown's stories are capital. When I went to the
     Zoological Gardens in London I saw Jumbo have his bath; his keeper
     had to give him a good scolding before he would go in. It was so
     deep he dived down quite out of sight. I hope you will print this.
     I have just got over an illness, and can not go out much. Good-by.

  PERCY WILLIAM S.

By this time Percy is, I hope, quite well and strong again. We like to
receive pleasant words from little friends across the water.

       *       *       *       *       *

  SHOPIERE, WISCONSIN.

     This is a very small place, though it is very pleasant. I have
     never seen any letters from this place, so mine will be the first.
     I have a pet sheep named Nig; like "Mary's lamb," it followed me to
     school one day. It was a warm day, and I had gone to school in the
     afternoon. Mamma was home alone, and she heard Nig bleating as
     though something were the matter, and she went out and found him
     panting as if he were very warm; so she let him through into the
     yard (never thinking that the gate was open), and he began to eat,
     so she did not watch him. But the first she knew he was gone. One
     of the girls at school saw him, and knew he was mine, and began to
     laugh. The teacher asked her what she was laughing at, and she
     said, "Lula's lamb is here." I went out, and found him walking
     around, trying to find me. I took him home then. I have two other
     sheep and two lambs. I am taking up a great deal of room, but I
     want to tell you about thirteen chickens I had last summer. Papa
     gave them to me for taking care of the other hens. I soon got them
     tame, and I could take corn and shell it over myself, and they
     would scramble over me, sometimes pecking at my teeth. I sold them
     for twelve shillings. I have a brother De Witt who is fifteen. I am
     twelve.

  LULA H. P.

So Lula's lamb was like Mary's, and "it made the children laugh and play
to see a lamb at school." Why did you not give him a prettier name,
dear? You are very kind to your pets, and that makes them so gentle. You
must have been as pretty as a picture, with the little chicks scrambling
over you for the kernels of corn.

       *       *       *       *       *

  OMEGA P. O., MADISON PARISH, LOUISIANA.

     I'm a little boy six years old, and I take HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE.
     I'm more interested in Jimmy Brown's stories and the little letters
     than in anything else, though I like "Mr. Stubbs's Brother." My
     papa is on the railroad in Arkansas, and will be home to see us
     soon. He says there are ever so many ticks in the pine woods. I
     feed and water the chickens, and sweep the hall and gallery every
     day. I will tell you of the overflow in my next letter. I've got a
     buddie George; he lives with his auntie May, and I live with my
     aunt Leila, as my own mamma is dead, and my papa married my aunt.
     With many good wishes to Toby Tyler, your little friend,

  JAMES HOWARD R.

I hope none of those annoying little pests called ticks will fasten on
those of my children who live in the Southern pine regions. I know all
about them, and they are really "horrid," to borrow a word which is used
sometimes when it ought not to be.

       *       *       *       *       *

  JERSEY CITY HEIGHTS, NEW JERSEY.

     I am eleven years old. I have just been reading HARPER'S YOUNG
     PEOPLE, and think the letter that Ninetta wrote is very nice. I
     have no pets except a darling little brother three years old, and
     he says he is going to write you a letter. I have just learned how
     to make feather-edge, and I have made half a yard to-day. I have
     taken HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE ever since it was published, and I
     think it is the nicest paper I ever read, or ever expect to read. I
     hope this letter is not too long, and will be printed, as I would
     like to surprise some of my friends who take the paper. On the
     following page you will see my brother's letter.

Do you know, dear child, that you forgot to sign your name, and so I do
not know who my little correspondent is, although she is much brighter
than I, for I have tried in vain to learn to make that puzzling trimming
called feather-edge. Please kiss little brother for his letter.

       *       *       *       *       *

  OXFORD, OHIO.

     I am a little girl eight years old. I have two little kittens, one
     black and one white. I have a dog, and his name is Fido. We have a
     dove, and she has two little doves in the nest in the cedar-tree.
     We have every HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE that has been printed. I play
     with my brother Sam, who is seven now, and we have two velocipedes.

  LIVY R.

       *       *       *       *       *

  PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA.

     My mamma writes this for me, because I can not write very well, and
     I would not like to trouble you to read a letter from me. I have
     been going to Kindergarten for three or four years, and am just
     learning to write now. We have been taking HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE a
     long time, and we have it complete, excepting the first seventeen
     numbers, and No. 33. Now we want to know if we can get those
     numbers, in order to have them bound, and as we have tried
     unsuccessfully to procure them in Philadelphia, we know of no other
     way to find out about it than by applying to you; and if you will
     kindly answer through the Post-office Box, we will be very greatly
     indebted to you.

     I have a pug dog and two kittens, and they are like the "Happy
     Family." We think a great deal of HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, and I read
     it to my little sister.

  JOHN M. F.

No. 33 can be furnished by the Messrs. Harper & Brothers, but not the
earlier numbers of YOUNG PEOPLE. Possibly some little reader may have
duplicates; and if so, will he or she notify the Postmistress on John's
behalf?

       *       *       *       *       *

  WINDHAM, NEW YORK.

     I thought I would write you a little letter to put in Our
     Post-office Box. I have a little candy store in my papa's office
     all my own. I pay for the candy, and have all the profits. It is
     vacation now, but I study at home. This village (Windham) is
     situated on an elevation of over one thousand five hundred feet
     above the level of the sea. Papa has one hundred and fifty-five
     hives of bees, and I am going to help him take care of them. We
     carefully take the comb out of the hives, put it in a revolving
     cylinder, turn the crank, and the honey flies out of the comb
     against the side of the cylinder; then it is strained, and is ready
     for use. Then we replace the comb for the bees to refill again.
     This we do several times in a season.

  DORVILLE C.

So you are a merchant, dear, and carry on a business all alone. Well, I
hope you keep your accounts with care, and that you will put your
earnings to some good use. Your description of the bees, and the way
their honey is extracted from the comb, is very interesting.

       *       *       *       *       *

  Where the blackbird sings the latest,
  Where the hawthorn blooms the sweetest,
  Where the nestlings chirp and flee,
  That's the way for Willie and me.

  Where the mowers mow the cleanest,
  Where the hay lies thick and greenest,
  There to track the homeward bee,
  That's the way for Willie and me.

       *       *       *       *       *

  EUREKA, MISSOURI.

     I am a little boy seven years old. My name is Early. My mamma, my
     sister Hattie (who is eight years old), and I spend our summers out
     here on grandpa's farm. I have a pony to ride; his name is Brigham.
     I made $1.45 carrying water for grandpa's hands in harvest; had two
     demijohns slung across the pony in front of the saddle. I have a
     goat and wagon, but Billy is so big and strong that he runs away,
     and dumps me in the ditch. I have two dogs, Nip and Aleck. Aleck is
     a shepherd dog; Nip is a little fellow, but he runs awful fast when
     he gets after a rabbit. I have lots of fun out here--so many
     peaches and apples, and lots of young ducks and chickens. Papa
     comes out every Saturday evening, and we go to the train to meet
     him. We have such a nice Sunday-school in the little district
     school-house right at the corner of our orchard. We go up there to
     Sunday-school in the afternoon, and have such nice songs to sing.
     Hattie picked two gallons of dewberries, sold them for forty cents,
     and gave the money to help pay for the organ. I want papa to let me
     be a farmer and stay in the country all the time, but we will go
     back to the city in September, when the schools open. We had a nice
     picnic and "fish-fry" on the Fourth at the Maramec River, near
     here; waded in the cool clear water, and gathered so many mussel
     shells; rowed in the boat, made pawpaw whistles, and had lots of
     fun.

  EARLY D.

       *       *       *       *       *

  ELK CITY, KANSAS.

     This is the second time we have written to your paper together; the
     first letter was not published. We like the stories very much,
     especially "Mr. Stubbs's Brother"; we always read that first. It
     rained very hard last night, and this morning the banks of the
     rivers are nearly overflowed. We have one dog; his name is Carlo;
     he will be four months old next Sunday. He is so full of mischief.
     One day we went in the bedroom and found him playing with mamma's
     bonnet; he tore the ribbon, and came pretty near spoiling the
     feather. We will look in every number for this until it is
     published.

  MARY and CORA W.

I had a little dog once who used to play just such tricks, and oh! how
angry he sometimes made people by his funny antics and his mischief! I
am glad mamma's feather escaped Carlo's teeth. Well, never mind; if he
lives long enough, he will become a sober and dignified dog.

Little Evelyn G., who also has a dog named Carlo, can shake hands with
Mary and Cora W.

       *       *       *       *       *

  HARTFORD, CONNECTICUT.

     I do love you so much! How good it seems to see your dear little
     bright green face every week. I have an auntie in New Bedford,
     grown up and married, who sees you and reads you all through before
     you come to me. I go to New Brunswick and Martha's Vineyard every
     summer, and with my cousin Dolly have great fun bathing in the
     salt-water. Dollie is one week younger than myself. I am twelve
     years old; my name is Gertie. I learned to swim last summer. We
     always take our pets with us. Last summer I had two bantam chicks.
     I loved Toney best, and he grew to be a beautiful rooster, and then
     died. It is very hard to lose things we love. Mamma says things we
     prize are first to vanish. I hope my dear YOUNG PEOPLE will never
     leave me.

  GERTIE S.

     P. S.--I heard my auntie say you were "cute." I guess, from the way
     she said it, she meant splendid.

Thanks, dear, for your good opinion. I am very glad you have learned to
swim. I wish all my young friends who live near the water would do the
same.

       *       *       *       *       *

  DECATUR, ILLINOIS.

     I write to reproach you for cruelty to an unfortunate boy. Poor
     Toby Tyler ran away with the circus, and had on a very old hat.
     Months have passed, and still you have not given him a new hat. I
     think Abner might cut off some of the brim of his, and let Aunt
     Olive mend Toby's with it. But as Abner is sick, I suppose when he
     recovers he will need all of his own hat to keep the sun off. I
     send a nickel to get Toby a new hat. What if the boys do call them
     "Nickel Katies"? It will be better than the thing Toby wears now.

  A sympathizer with Toby,
  FANNIE G.

Jolly Toby Tyler does not care for a new hat, and so I will send your
money, dear, if you please, to help along the Young People's Cot Fund.

       *       *       *       *       *

  PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA.

     Aunt Bessie subscribed for YOUNG PEOPLE; she always calls me Effie,
     but my name is Evelyn. I have a little dog; his name is Carlo. He
     is a comical little thing, and he wants to tear everything to
     pieces, and loves to play with me. I have a pet bird; her name is
     Cherry. The bottom of her cage came half off the other day while
     papa was in the yard and mamma in town, but she did not get away. I
     have a cat whose name is Neddie. He does not like Carlo. When
     Neddie spits at Carlo I scold him, but that does not do any good.
     Mamma wrote this for me, as I do not write plain enough.

  EVELYN G.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. Y. P. R. U.

SOME FAMILIAR WORDS, AND WHERE THEY COME FROM.

Every young reader has heard puss called Tabby, but all do not know that
tabby cat was named after Atab, a famous street in the old city of
Bagdad. On this street the merchants sold a beautiful watered silk
called atabi. In modern days this silk has been styled taffeta. The wavy
markings of the silk were thought to resemble pussy's coat of fur.

Jet derives its name from a river in Lycia--the Gagates--in the bed of
which were found smooth black stones called gaet, of which jewelry was
made.

A pamphlet is a book bound in paper. A long, long time ago a learned
Greek lady wrote the history of the world in thirty-five little books,
which, after her, were called Pamphylia.

Humbug is a bit of fun aimed at Hamburg, in Germany, which city was once
rather famous for getting up sensations which turned out to be nothing
very wonderful after all. Hamburg news was humbug.

Dollar is from the German thaler, named from Thal, in Bohemia, where
were located the silver-works which made this coin.

Money traces its history to a remote period, when the coinage of the
Romans was struck at the temple of the goddess Juno Monieta.

       *       *       *       *       *

PANSY.--The Postmistress will find out what you wish to know if she can.
Please send her your own full name and address.

       *       *       *       *       *

TO PUZZLERS.--Clever little people who send puzzles will please remember
that enigmas must rhyme, and that the answers must always be sent with
the puzzles. Do not make enigmas upon your own Christian or surname, or
the name of a friend, as it is almost impossible for our great circle of
readers to guess such puzzles.

       *       *       *       *       *

GAZETTA.--Wiggles, puzzles, answers to puzzles, exchanges, and all
letters for Our Post-office Box should be sent to the Editor of HARPER'S
YOUNG PEOPLE, Franklin Square, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *

LILY F.--"Margie's Adventure" is a very pretty story indeed for a girl
of your age to have written. It is rather too long for Our Post-office
Box, but the Postmistress read it with pleasure, and thanks you for
sending it.

       *       *       *       *       *

We would call the attention of the C.Y.P.R.U. this week to "Historical
Trees of Mexico," by Mrs. Helen S. Conant, and to "How a Boy was Hired
Out, and What Came of It," by Mr. George Gary Eggleston. The boys will
be interested in Mr. C. W. Fisher's directions "How to Make a Toy
Canoe."

       *       *       *       *       *

Correct answers to puzzles have been received from "Jan. U. Ary,"
Hartley Bishop, Elsie Grey, J. Hanse Gebley, Effie W. Rhind, Emma and
Andrew Campbell, Harry Johnston, Charlie and Willie Lloyd, Edgar Seeman,
Edward and Gustav Metz, Fannie Grimes, M. Portener, Alice Bartlett, John
Todd, Frank Groves, "Fuss and Feathers," Daisy Dean, Lewie Andrews,
Augusta Schultz, Ethel Raymond, "Eureka," Rosa M. Benedict, "North
Star," A. E. Thorp, "Jack and Jill," B. B. A., Mary M. Livingston, Robin
Dykes, Hermann Miller, Lucy Campbell, Louise G., Fred Goodenough, Sydney
Heinemann, "Old Putnam's Pet," Rosa Deffaa, Emma Roehm, and Frank Allan
Ives.

       *       *       *       *       *

PUZZLES FROM YOUNG CONTRIBUTORS.

No. 1.

FOUR DIAMONDS.

1.--1. A letter. 2. A human being. 3. Something for the table. 4. A
light sleep. 5. A letter.

2.--1. A letter. 2. An animal. 3. A weapon. 4. Part of the head. 5. A
letter.

3.--1. A letter. 2. Very angry. 3. A title given to a lady. 4. An
obstruction. 5. A letter.

4.--1. A letter. 2. A fluid. 3. A sign of contempt. 4. View. 5. A
letter.

  COUNT NO ACCOUNT.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 2.

ANAGRAM.

Your page help person.

  EDGAR SEEMAN.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 3.

A HALF-SQUARE.--(_To Benny Fishel_).

1. The mulberry. 2. A nautical term. 3. A mark made by folding. 4. To
accommodate. 5. The fruit of the oak or beech. 6. Resentment. 7. An
abbreviation. 8. A letter.

  I. SCYCLE.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 4.

INVERTED PYRAMID.

Across.--1. A white stone. 2. Narcotics. 3. Furnished with ears. 4. An
animal. 5. A letter.

Down.--1. A letter. 2. An interjection. 3. An animal. 4. Inclination. 5.
A man's name. 6. Confusion. 7. To spread abroad new-mown grass. 8. An
abbreviation. 9. A letter.

  I. SCYCLE.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 5.

ENIGMA.

  From that half-dozen, miss, take nine,
    And from that nine take half of twenty.
  'Tis easy done so far; but now
    You must from forty borrow fifty,
  Then you will see it is quite plain
  Just half a dozen still remain.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 6.

WORD SQUARE.

1. Part of the body. 2. To come in. 3. To reconcile. 4. Gaps. 5. A
ringlet.

  HELEN.

       *       *       *       *       *

ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN No. 142.

No. 1.

Michael Angelo.

No. 2.

      L           C
    C O T       D O T
  L O V E R   C O V E R
    T E A       T E N
      R           R

      C           S           T
    C U P       N E T       L E G
  C U P I D   S E V E N   T E X A S
    P I E       T E N       G A P
      D           N           S

No. 3

1. G-old. C-oat. C-up. S-in. P-ink. H-and. F-red-red-ed.

2. C-ore. S-hovel. Y-ear. S-tick. S-hoe. S-pool. T-rick. D-rug.

No. 4.

  A dreary place would be this earth,
    Were there no little people in it;
  The song of life would lose its mirth,
    Were there no children to begin it.

       *       *       *       *       *

[_For Exchanges, see 2d and 3d pages of cover._]




A NEW SERIAL.

       *       *       *       *       *

"THE CRUISE OF THE CANOE CLUB,"

       *       *       *       *       *

By W. L. ALDEN,

AUTHOR OF "THE MORAL PIRATES," "CRUISE OF THE 'GHOST,'" ETC.


In the next number of YOUNG PEOPLE our readers will have a chance to
renew the acquaintance of the four lads whose adventures they followed
so eagerly in Mr. Alden's former stories. This time the boys have become
the fortunate possessors of four canoes, in which they make a cruise
through some of the rivers and lakes of Canada. Just in proportion as a
canoe excels a row-boat or a sail-boat in its easy motion, its
delightful swiftness, and its liability to capsize, so do the
experiences and adventures of the boys on this cruise exceed those of
the cruises that have preceded it in excitement, picturesqueness, and
general interest. Mr. Alden's stories for young readers are full of the
genial wit and clever handling of amusing situations that have won him
such a brilliant reputation as a humorist.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: WHAT FIVE INSECTS ARE REPRESENTED IN THIS PICTURE?]

       *       *       *       *       *

A HORSE WHICH MADE A SENSATION.

Tahiti is one of the Society Islands, a small group in the Southern
Pacific, lying many hundreds of miles away from any mainland. The
Spaniards claim to have discovered them first, but it was famous Captain
Cook who explored them thoroughly, and carried the story of their
wonderful tropical fruits and strange inhabitants back to England.

Some years after, the good people of England began to send missionaries
to the islands. They were well received, and among their converts was
King Pomare.

Now neither King Pomare nor any of his subjects had ever seen a horse,
and as they were curious to know something about an animal which the
English people described as so noble and willing and useful, it was
finally decided that one should be sent him as a present. So among the
cargo of a vessel sent to Tahiti from New South Wales was a splendid
horse, with a silky coat and flowing mane and tail, for King Pomare.

It was originally intended that the horse should be taken ashore from
the vessel in which he had made his voyage, in a large canoe which had
been sent alongside for the purpose, but the slings in which he was
fastened gave way as he was being lowered, and the poor animal fell into
the sea. He at once struck boldly out for the land; but the natives no
sooner saw him than they plunged into the waves and swam after him like
a shoal of porpoises; they seized his tail and his mane, and nearly
pulled him under. The King shouted and the Captain screamed at them in
vain, while the terrified horse struggled as hard as he could. As soon
as he reached the land the crowd there fled for their lives in every
direction, climbing rocks and trees, and hiding behind bushes. One by
one, however, they returned when they saw a sailor slip a halter around
the creature's neck and lead him along.

Next morning, in the presence of a great number of admiring natives, the
Captain put a saddle on the horse, and rode him up and down before the
King's tent. As he cantered, galloped, and trotted, obedient to the
rein, the people shouted and danced, crying _Buaa-hora-fenna_ and
_Buaa-afai-taata_ (land-running pig, and man-carrying pig).

       *       *       *       *       *

PARLOR MAGIC.

THE MYSTERIOUS BOX.

The use of this box is as follows: Hand the box round for examination,
and allow a marked dime to be put into it. Let one of the company lock
the box and keep the key, and also tie a string round it lengthways and
crossways, lay it on the table, touch it with your wand, and command the
dime to vanish and pass into a tumbler, hat, etc. Tell the person who
locked the box to open it and see if he can find the dime within, when,
to the astonishment of all, it will be found to have vanished from the
box, and be found in the place you indicated.

The secret of this box is as follows: The bottom is divided into three
or four panels, one of the end ones of which is on a swivel exactly in
the centre, and fixed in its place by a nail at each side, the box being
put together with driving nails. The nails being all alike, there is no
likelihood of the secret being discovered. The trick is performed as
follows: When the box has been tied and locked, hold the box on a slope
to the swivel end, slip out the two nails just far enough to allow the
panel to move, push up one end, and the dime will fall out at the other
into your hand. Shut the slide, and put the nails into their places
again, lay the box down on the table, go for your magic wand, and take
that opportunity of putting the dime into the hat or elsewhere.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A MOST SUCCESSFUL CAST.]





End of Project Gutenberg's Harper's Young People, August 8, 1882, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, AUG 8, 1882 ***

***** This file should be named 59103-8.txt or 59103-8.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/9/1/0/59103/

Produced by Annie R. McGuire
Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

